Ah manager
Go and prepare some refreshments
My daughter is hungry
Then take a look first
Wife, I said to take care of you mother and daughter
I have money in my pocket
You may rest assured.
As long as you like
I bought it right away
Who's your wife?
Of course it's you.
I'm already at Beckham's wedding
I will definitely give you a grand wedding
Who asked you to prepare?
Mom is blushing, is mom shy?
What about sales?
We need to buy the latest version of 8 million car
Xia Tingting
Yo, it's my college roommate Ye Fanxing.
What are you doing standing by this car?
You can't afford him.
get out of the way
Husband for a while
You're going to buy this car for me in full
Let Ye Fan first see what economic strength is
Of course Ye Fanxin
You regret it
When I gave you the face to chase you twice, you rejected me
This is what happens when you pretend to be noble